Shoulian	shoulian	shoulian	init	nonnum	others	4+char	S	Sh	Sho	Shou	n	an	ian	lian	no	no	no	no	no	no	begin	none	none	none	none	normal	fbegin	
Dong,	dong,	dong,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	D	Do	Don	Dong	,	g,	ng,	ong,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Eugene	eugene	eugene	init	nonnum	others	4+char	E	Eu	Eug	Euge	e	ne	ene	gene	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Wang,	wang,	wang,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	W	Wa	Wan	Wang	,	g,	ng,	ang,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Linda	linda	linda	init	nonnum	others	4+char	L	Li	Lin	Lind	a	da	nda	inda	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Hsie,	hsie,	hsie,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	H	Hs	Hsi	Hsie	,	e,	ie,	sie,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Yanxiang	yanxiang	yanxiang	init	nonnum	others	4+char	Y	Ya	Yan	Yanx	g	ng	ang	iang	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Cao,	cao,	cao,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	C	Ca	Cao	Cao,	,	o,	ao,	Cao,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Xiaogiong	xiaogiong	xiaogiong	init	nonnum	others	4+char	X	Xi	Xia	Xiao	g	ng	ong	iong	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Chen	chen	chen	init	nonnum	others	4+char	C	Ch	Che	Chen	n	en	hen	Chen	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
and	and	and	others	nonnum	others	3-char	a	an	and	and	d	nd	and	and	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Thomas	thomas	thomas	init	nonnum	others	4+char	T	Th	Tho	Thom	s	as	mas	omas	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
R.	r.	r.	others	nonnum	stop	2-char	R	R.	R.	R.	.	R.	R.	R.	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Gingeras	gingeras	gingeras	init	nonnum	others	4+char	G	Gi	Gin	Ging	s	as	ras	eras	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	normal	fcontinue	
Shoulian	shoulian	shoulian	init	nonnum	others	4+char	S	Sh	Sho	Shou	n	an	ian	lian	no	no	no	no	no	no	begin	none	none	none	none	large	fbegin	
Dong,	dong,	dong,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	D	Do	Don	Dong	,	g,	ng,	ong,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
1	1	1	others	1dig	others	1-char	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	super	small	fbegin	
Eugene	eugene	eugene	init	nonnum	others	4+char	E	Eu	Eug	Euge	e	ne	ene	gene	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fbegin	
Wang,	wang,	wang,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	W	Wa	Wan	Wang	,	g,	ng,	ang,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Linda	linda	linda	init	nonnum	others	4+char	L	Li	Lin	Lind	a	da	nda	inda	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Hsie,	hsie,	hsie,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	H	Hs	Hsi	Hsie	,	e,	ie,	sie,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Yanxiang	yanxiang	yanxiang	init	nonnum	others	4+char	Y	Ya	Yan	Yanx	g	ng	ang	iang	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Cao,	cao,	cao,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	C	Ca	Cao	Cao,	,	o,	ao,	Cao,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Xiaogiong	xiaogiong	xiaogiong	init	nonnum	others	4+char	X	Xi	Xia	Xiao	g	ng	ong	iong	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Chen,	chen,	chen,	init	nonnum	cont	4+char	C	Ch	Che	Chen	,	n,	en,	hen,	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
and	and	and	others	nonnum	others	3-char	a	an	and	and	d	nd	and	and	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Thomas	thomas	thomas	init	nonnum	others	4+char	T	Th	Tho	Thom	s	as	mas	omas	no	no	no	no	no	no	begin	none	none	none	none	large	fbegin	
R.	r.	r.	others	nonnum	stop	2-char	R	R.	R.	R.	.	R.	R.	R.	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	
Gingeras	gingeras	gingeras	init	nonnum	others	4+char	G	Gi	Gin	Ging	s	as	ras	eras	no	no	no	no	no	no	continue	none	none	none	none	large	fcontinue	

